Vicky Kaushal shares adorable childhood pic, wins hearts with hilarious caption.After the glowing success of Raazi and Uri: The Surgical Strike, Vicky Kaushal has become a hot favourite in Bollywood. While his professional life continues to make headlines, there has been much attention focussed on his personal life, and to be more specific, his relationship with girlfriend Harleen Sethi. However, it came to light the other day that she had unfollowed him on Instagram. Rumours started doing the rounds that Katrina Kaif was the reason why they called it quits.
Mahesh Bhatt shot for a magazine cover with daughter Pooja Bhatt, and they kissed. This picture was thumped by the fans and became the much-discussed story in the town. "If Pooja weren't my daughter, I'd love to marry her," said Bhatt, thus adding more fuel to the fire.
Before the release of Bajrangi Bhaijaan, Kareena Kapoor's photograph was morphed and used on the cover of VHP’s magazine Himalaya Dhwani to publish a warning against 'love-jihad' among people. The actress hired two bodyguards as a precautionary measure because of this dubious campaign.
Priyanka Chopra married Nick Jonas in an exclusive yet lavish wedding ceremony, on December 1, in the presence of their closest friends and family. The couple first exchanged vows in a Christian wedding ceremony that saw the bride in a beautiful white dress and a dramatic 75-foot long train, while her man waiting at the altar, looked dashing himself in a sharp tux.
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas ruled the headlines following their lavish wedding at Umaid Bhavan Palace in Jodhpur, Rajasthan and ever since the couple has their fans’ full attention. Recently, Parineeti Chopra opened up about their ‘joote chupai’ ritual and what Nick gave in exchange for his shoes will blow your mind.
Newlywed Bollywood stars Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh concluded their wedding celebrations with a reception thrown in for their friends from the film industry on December 1. This is their third reception party since they got married in Italy’s picturesque Lake Como on November 14 and 15. The other two receptions were held in Bengaluru on November 21 and in Mumbai on November 28.
Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh's rumoured relationship has always been the talk of the town. Be it their films, their airport spottings, their PDA moments, anything and everything gets special attention in the media. These two superstars are finally said to be tying the knot after years of courtship. With many B-town stars getting hitched this year, Deepika-Ranveer are the latest to join the bandwagon
Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt have been in a relationship for a while and their love seems to be growing with every passing day. The couple who have always been quite tight-lipped about their relationship, have now been indulging in some cute PDA
Ever since the trailer of Kalank has been released, the lead stars of the film - Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Madhuri Dixit, Aditya Roy Kapur and Sonakshi Sinha, have not left any stones unturned to promote the film, at every possible platform! However, Sanjay Dutt was seen missing from most of the promotional activties.
Isha Ambani and Anand Piramal Wedding: Isha Ambani and Anand Piramal are married now. The couple tied the knot on December 12 at Antilia in Mumbai. Isha Ambani, daughter of Reliance Chairperson Mukesh Ambani and Nita Ambani, married Piramal Group's Ajay Piramal and Swati Piramal's son Anand. Isha and Anand hosted their grand pre-wedding ceremonies in Udaipur on December 8 and 9 this year. The lavish bash saw a live performance from American pop sensation Beyonce. For the wedding ceremony at Antilia, the guest list included former President of India Pranab Mukherjee, former US First Lady Hillary Clinton, Bollywood stars Priyanka Chopra and husband Nick Jonas, the Bachchan family and the who's who of the worlds of business, showbiz and politics.
Woah! Virat Kohli does it again! It would be an understatement if we call Virat Kohli the sweetest boyfriend ever because what he has done this time around for ladylove Anushka Sharma is too cute to be true! Ace cricketer Virat Kohli surprised Anushka Sharma by reaching London to meet Anushka a day before they were actually supposed to meet, reports dnaindia.com. And if this was not enough, he also joined the crowd of fans waiting to get a picture with Anushka Sharma and pleasantly surprised her by asking for a selfie like the rest.
There were stories about Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone getting engaged in a secret ceremony while they went for a vacation to Sri Lanka, along with their families.
Deepika Padukone has a new nickname for husband Ranveer Singh.
Just after dating for a few months, Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra got engaged and now they are hitched for life. Their fairytale wedding has been the talking point of the town ever since.
